Good evening, everybody.
Good morning, family from around the world, wherever you are.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
There is a lot going on, isn't there?
Isn't it amazing, all the things that are happening in the news and how quickly they are happening?
The acceleration of things is mind-blowing, isn't it?
It's pretty amazing.
We'll go over some of the things we saw last night.
I don't feel a real peace about talking about that.
If you were on that live stream last night—how many of you were on that live stream last night?
—you can put it in the comment section below in the chat and tell us.
It's pretty self-explanatory.
After it was over, and through the things that I prayed over all day long today, interceding for the things that the Lord showed me, it was very troubling.
It was dark, and you don't really know where to go with that or what to say.
I'll go over some of the things that we saw in the news today.
Braden and I made a short, and I was really proud of that short, about what we saw on the 11th of December regarding all the corruption in Minnesota and the uncovering of all that darkness, the mismanagement of money, the money laundering, and all this darkness in Minnesota.
The Lord showed us bees coming up out of the ground, and I saw them coming around Ilhan Omar.
They were flying around her head and chasing her.
But these were not just little bees; they were great big bees.
These bees started coming up out of the earth and swarming her.
I thought that was interesting in the vision altogether.
I wondered what the Lord was trying to say about that.
You know, these great big queen bees.
They were not little bitty bumblebees; these were great big bees.
I saw a lot of mismanagement with money and a lot of corruption.
Listen to what the Lord said to me during that: 'I see a major window for a great victory concerning Minnesota for it to flip red.
The people are tired of the corruption.
There's great corruption in Minnesota.
I see the African-American woman from the Squad with that thing on her head.
I'm seeing the Squad.
I see her face before me.
It's concerning corruption, and I see people are fed up with this and wanting to replace her.
It's time for her to go.
I see corruption, but out of the corruption springs forth a hive of bumblebees.
Big black and yellow bumblebees are coming up around her concerning Minnesota.
Is she even in Minnesota?
I don't know why I'm seeing this; she may not even be in Minnesota.
' I'm telling you, I see it.
You know how when you disturb a hive and the bees start circling you, trying to sting you, and you start running?
These bees are coming up out of the land—beautiful flowers and greenery—and the bees are coming up out of the land and circling this woman's head.
The Walz administration is responding today to speculation from federal authorities that fraud in Minnesota could total $9 billion or more.
I see a great breakthrough concerning this.
We need to stand on this regarding the politics in Minnesota.
I stand with Living Word—we stand with the Church of Living Word—and we will continue to pray over this.
This is a major crack in the foundation, and this is because of much prayer from Minnesota.
I'm hearing it, and I'm telling you it's a good thing; it's a breakthrough.
In Jesus' name, I see a major breakthrough.
I thought that was amazing to see all this coming in the news concerning the corruption in Minnesota.
Now, what did we find out today, Braden, from this video right here?
Benny Johnson made the original video, but we're going to play some of the clips he had of these individuals going into Minnesota and questioning where the money went.
I want you to watch this because this goes with what the Lord said on December 11th.
This is what the Lord showed us is coming to pass.
Prophetic accuracy is important, and we're not trying to be flaky.
We see the news before it happens.
Before we get started, I want to say that for everything we see, we give all the glory to God.
I cannot do anything in this ministry without Him.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, so that the excellency of the power is of Him and not of us.
Brandon Biggs cannot have visions without Jesus.
Brandon is not a psychic and doesn't have any special abilities.
Everything I do, in word and deed, I give all the glory to God.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to say that every single time you do a video.
Everything we do, in word and deed, we give all the glory to God.
' Brandon cannot do anything outside of Him.
We are so thankful that He turns the gift on and makes it accurate.
So, here it is.
We want to show you this reaction from Nick Shirley.
This guy’s name is Nick, and he went and did investigative reporting about all the corruption in Minnesota, just like the Lord said on the 11th.
Go ahead.
'Minnesota child care right here.
It's from the state of Minnesota's website.
We're just wondering where the children are.
' 'Where the children are?
' 'Yeah, where are the children?
It says you have 102 children here, and you got $2.
66 million this year in funding and $2.
5 million last year.
We're just wondering where the kids are.
' 'And who are you?
' 'My name is Nick Shirley.
' 'Nick Shirley, and where are you from?
' 'We are from ourselves.
Hello, we'd like to ask where the money's going.
' Look at that—shut us down.
Where are the children?
There are no children inside of this daycare center.
Look at this daycare center right here; no children inside.
But between those buildings, over $2.
6 million was spent.
So now they all get mad.
'What was this money spent on?
$1.
26 million.
What was that money spent on?
Where are the 74 kids?
Did you lose them?
Do I need to call someone?
Do I need to issue an Amber Alert for missing children?
' '5 Million Quality Learning Center' is a daycare, yet they spelled learning wrong and said learning.
This daycare alone in 2025 has received $1.
9 million from the government.
The strange thing about these childcare centers is that there's no one here right now.
It's midday on a weekday, and if you try to go inside, it's completely closed and the windows are all blacked out.
No one's working; children should be in here.
This place is licensed for 99 children.
This is the outside—a list of all the healthcare companies, loads of them right here.
'We want healthcare.
' 'No, it's okay.
' 'Yes, we'd like to speak about getting healthcare here.
' 'No.
No.
' 'Why can't I get healthcare here?
' 'No.
No.
Wait.
' 'Warning: You are under video surveillance.
No trespassing.
Security armed.
' This is the strangest place I've ever been to get healthcare.
All right, we're getting escorted out right now; the police have arrived.
We were here checking out the rates and seeing what was happening inside this building.
No one would really speak with us.
We did go inside the one daycare center, and she actually gave us rates for childcare.
Good evening, everybody.
Good morning, family from around the world, wherever you are.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
There is a lot going on, isn't there?
Isn't it amazing, all the things that are happening in the news and how quickly they are happening?
The acceleration of things is mind-blowing, isn't it?
It's pretty amazing.
We'll go over some of the things we saw last night.
I don't feel a real peace about talking about that.
If you were on that live stream last night—how many of you were on that live stream last night?
—you can put it in the comment section below in the chat and tell us.
It's pretty self-explanatory.
After it was over, and through the things that I prayed over all day long today, interceding for the things that the Lord showed me, it was very troubling.
It was dark, and you don't really know where to go with that or what to say.
I'll go over some of the things that we saw in the news today.
Braden and I made a short, and I was really proud of that short, about what we saw on the 11th of December regarding all the corruption in Minnesota and the uncovering of all that darkness, the mismanagement of money, the money laundering, and all this darkness in Minnesota.
The Lord showed us bees coming up out of the ground, and I saw them coming around Ilhan Omar.
They were flying around her head and chasing her.
But these were not just little bees; they were great big bees.
These bees started coming up out of the earth and swarming her.
I thought that was interesting in the vision altogether.
I wondered what the Lord was trying to say about that.
You know, these great big queen bees.
They were not little bitty bumblebees; these were great big bees.
I saw a lot of mismanagement with money and a lot of corruption.
Listen to what the Lord said to me during that: 'I see a major window for a great victory concerning Minnesota for it to flip red.
The people are tired of the corruption.
There's great corruption in Minnesota.
I see the African-American woman from the Squad with that thing on her head.
I'm seeing the Squad.
I see her face before me.
It's concerning corruption, and I see people are fed up with this and wanting to replace her.
It's time for her to go.
I see corruption, but out of the corruption springs forth a hive of bumblebees.
Big black and yellow bumblebees are coming up around her concerning Minnesota.
Is she even in Minnesota?
I don't know why I'm seeing this; she may not even be in Minnesota.
' I'm telling you, I see it.
You know how when you disturb a hive and the bees start circling you, trying to sting you, and you start running?
These bees are coming up out of the land—beautiful flowers and greenery—and the bees are coming up out of the land and circling this woman's head.
The Walz administration is responding today to speculation from federal authorities that fraud in Minnesota could total $9 billion or more.
I see a great breakthrough concerning this.
We need to stand on this regarding the politics in Minnesota.
I stand with Living Word—we stand with the Church of Living Word—and we will continue to pray over this.
This is a major crack in the foundation, and this is because of much prayer from Minnesota.
I'm hearing it, and I'm telling you it's a good thing; it's a breakthrough.
In Jesus' name, I see a major breakthrough.
I thought that was amazing to see all this coming in the news concerning the corruption in Minnesota.
Now, what did we find out today, Braden, from this video right here?
Benny Johnson made the original video, but we're going to play some of the clips he had of these individuals going into Minnesota and questioning where the money went.
I want you to watch this because this goes with what the Lord said on December 11th.
This is what the Lord showed us is coming to pass.
Prophetic accuracy is important, and we're not trying to be flaky.
We see the news before it happens.
Before we get started, I want to say that for everything we see, we give all the glory to God.
I cannot do anything in this ministry without Him.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, so that the excellency of the power is of Him and not of us.
Brandon Biggs cannot have visions without Jesus.
Brandon is not a psychic and doesn't have any special abilities.
Everything I do, in word and deed, I give all the glory to God.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to say that every single time you do a video.
Everything we do, in word and deed, we give all the glory to God.
' Brandon cannot do anything outside of Him.
We are so thankful that He turns the gift on and makes it accurate.
So, here it is.
We want to show you this reaction from Nick Shirley.
This guy’s name is Nick, and he went and did investigative reporting about all the corruption in Minnesota, just like the Lord said on the 11th.
Go ahead.
'Minnesota child care right here.
It's from the state of Minnesota's website.
We're just wondering where the children are.
' 'Where the children are?
' 'Yeah, where are the children?
It says you have 102 children here, and you got $2.
66 million this year in funding and $2.
5 million last year.
We're just wondering where the kids are.
' 'And who are you?
' 'My name is Nick Shirley.
' 'Nick Shirley, and where are you from?
' 'We are from ourselves.
Hello, we'd like to ask where the money's going.
' Look at that—shut us down.
Where are the children?
There are no children inside of this daycare center.
Look at this daycare center right here; no children inside.
But between those buildings, over $2.
6 million was spent.
So now they all get mad.
'What was this money spent on?
$1.
26 million.
What was that money spent on?
Where are the 74 kids?
Did you lose them?
Do I need to call someone?
Do I need to issue an Amber Alert for missing children?
' '5 Million Quality Learning Center' is a daycare, yet they spelled learning wrong and said learning.
This daycare alone in 2025 has received $1.
9 million from the government.
The strange thing about these childcare centers is that there's no one here right now.
It's midday on a weekday, and if you try to go inside, it's completely closed and the windows are all blacked out.
No one's working; children should be in here.
This place is licensed for 99 children.
This is the outside—a list of all the healthcare companies, loads of them right here.
'We want healthcare.
' 'No, it's okay.
' 'Yes, we'd like to speak about getting healthcare here.
' 'No.
No.
' 'Why can't I get healthcare here?
' 'No.
No.
Wait.
' 'Warning: You are under video surveillance.
No trespassing.
Security armed.
' This is the strangest place I've ever been to get healthcare.
All right, we're getting escorted out right now; the police have arrived.
We were here checking out the rates and seeing what was happening inside this building.
No one would really speak with us.
We did go inside the one daycare center, and she actually gave us rates for childcare.
It is not even the problem.
We do not want to waste our resources.
It is just jet fuel.
It is a flex.
I just think he is a funny man.
It made me laugh.
I know it is probably not funny to you all.
It is my sense of humor.
I just go, "Well, we do not want to waste the gas to get over there or the manpower.
" It is just a lot of work, but we will take it out if we need to.
Let us go over a little bit of what we saw last night.
I did not know what I was saying in the spirit.
I did not know what I was seeing or saying.
I did not know the significance and the seriousness of what I was saying until my son and my wife brought it to my attention after taking notes and looking up what I was looking into.
I did not know about five families.
I am telling you, I am a backwoods guy.
In Oklahoma, we do not know about the five families.
We do not know about all the stuff in the mafia and what the Lord was showing me about territorial wars.
I was just saying what I was underneath the anointing.
I could feel the cloak on me.
The visions that I was seeing were so clear.
As I was saying it, I know that God's hand of protection is on me, but they pulled my feed three times last night, and I did not understand why.
I do not want them to keep doing that; it disrupts the prayer and the flow of the prayer.
I know I am on their platform, so I honor YouTube and I am thankful that they have given me the opportunity to talk to you all through their stream.
So, I am very careful of what I say tonight.
Like I said, Braden said, "Dad, they pulled it three times and we saved it.
" It was by the grace of God it did not cut off all three times.
It went stale, and that was a warning.
I did not know there were five families.
I did not know that there is stuff like this.
I hear things like Scarface and movies like the Godfather, but it is just movies.
The names the Lord was giving me were actual families.
Some of them were brought together in that prayer time, and the Lord said territorial wars.
The Lord showed me the Mexican cartel and the mafia from Mexico and Venezuela would clash, and they were smuggling in white powder.
I am talking about pallets of money that you would not believe in these houses that the Lord showed me last night, stucco homes with guards with AK-47s.
I am talking about organized crime, but this was against them.
I kept hearing them say behind tables, "This is just business.
" It was wild, the stuff I was hearing that I was allowed to see, and the Lord said, "I am warning you of what is coming.
" They kept saying, "This is business.
" They do not like the way America is going.
They did not want to see this guy in Minnesota and in New York.
Mandani, thank you.
Mandani.
The guy, they do not like him.
The Lord said there is a union; it is dark.
There are things there that are very dark, and they do not like this guy and they do not want the Islamic stuff coming in like they are wanting to push.
So, I saw territorial wars.
I saw them being the resistance, and in the days ahead, I saw them being made out to be heroes, kind of like MAGA.
It would be like the resistance.
I do not know how else to say it other than bad guys that would become heroes because of being resistance toward the Islamic push and the Muslim Brotherhood.
Sharia law, thank you, baby.
Sharia law, and coming against that.
So, I saw this in Chicago, Boston, New Orleans, and New York heavily.
I kept hearing Sicily, Little Italy.
I kept hearing this.
I saw men with slicked-back hair, people with aviator glasses on, and white suits with flowery shirts in these visions.
I saw Miami.
I saw stuff that was very dark.
We prayed for a girl, and I am not going to bring her up again.
We prayed for this girl, and the Lord said, "Pray for her.
" I do not want to expose any more about this young woman.
So we pray for her safety and her protection, to have boldness, and that she will be okay.
I saw that there was a cartel out of Venezuela that was different than the cartel coming out of Mexico.
Two different drug pushers, two different kinds of things.
The man that was over Venezuela was a worm wrapped around a finger of the head of the cartel of Venezuela.
He was looking out over them, but they had control over him.
Then I saw the woman that was over Mexico, Claudia, and she was a worm wrapped around the Mexican cartel.
Two different things, both drugs.
One was pills and other things; this was more coke.
It was very interesting, some of the things that I saw last night.
As I was praying into it, the Lord kept showing me darkness like you could not believe over America.
I heard again in the spirit, "Help me, Holy Spirit.
I do not want to misquote it.
You have been found in the balance, New York, and you have been found lacking.
You have been weighed in the balance and found lacking.
You have been weighed in the balance and you have been found lacking concerning this man on the 1st of January.
" It was about all of America, a shaking coming to America, a humbling, and many people are not ready.
The Lord said, "Get your house in order.
" That sends shock waves through our email.
What are you talking about?
Get your house in order.
Sell out to Jesus.
Have your house ready.
People say, "What should I do?
" I cannot answer that for you.
I know what it means for me.
You get your wheat and your berries.
You can make your stuff and have extra water and be ready for power outages, a storm.
The Lord said the president of Iran called for war and he said, "I am summoning war for America, for the West, for Europe.
" All this stuff.
The Lord said he was activating the Red Dawn experience, D-Day.
He was activating his hidden cells, his cells of people that are already infiltrated because the Biden administration let all the people cross over illegally.
And he said, "Braden, that is him activating the cells.
" They have their commands and he did it globally, on a global scale.
You think it is talking about sending rockets, but it is not about that.
It is activating the people that he has infiltrated into the country through our southern border.
It is the same for England.
I saw Big Ben again.
I saw to pray for England.
These things are real.
The Lord told me we must pray for our safety.
You must pray every day where you are supposed to be at all times.
Should I be here?
Should I be there?
Where do you want me to live?
Where do you want me to have my family?
I saw mass migration coming because men's hearts will fail them for fear looking after those things that are coming on the earth.
People are going to be freaked out in the days ahead.
The Lord said a great acceleration of things like you have never seen before is going to start to take place.
We are in those days of Noah, folks.
We are in that time of the end.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ is coming and he is coming soon.
You say, "Well, Brandon, why do you say about Prince George, the little boy, and he is going to be a part of the Antichrist?
" The Antichrist reigns for seven years: three and a half years of not so bad, three and a half years of hell on earth.
But either way, it's seven years.
He's 12.
I didn't say he would be king; I didn't say I saw him being king.
I said he would have more influence than his father would have.
I saw the king now—not there, gone.
Whether he passes away or not, I don't know.
I can't add to or take away from anything, but I saw he was no longer there.
I saw William doing it, and I saw his son had more influence than he does.
His voice was louder as he gets older than his father's will have.
His father was more passive than him.
And I saw in this vision in this time of prayer yesterday or the day before that he would rise up and take rule, but he would be not as bold as what his son would be and more of somebody that was dark like Harry Potter in the days ahead.
There was a black cloak around him.
And I said, 'That's interesting.
' And I saw the number seven beside him.
And then I saw 2026 and it was set in stone with fruit hanging from it.
And I said, 'What does that mean?
' The Lord said, 'It's set in stone.
' Great change is coming to the royal family concerning the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
In the days ahead, you're going to see great change in that family in 2026, 2027.
You're going to see it morphing, a changing.
And I saw that young man rising up and I thought, 'What is that about?
' But we hear in part, see in part.
All I know is I saw change coming and it was interesting.
So I've been just praying over things and piecing things together.
And the only thing I can tell you, the most important thing I can say tonight is you need to be sold out to Jesus.
You need to be having your lamps full of oil.
You need to be seeking him daily, not just on Sundays.
You need to be intimate with the Father and the Father intimate with you.
It's time to get serious about the Father's business and the coming of our Lord like never before.
We must wake up.
Churches must preach repentance and holiness and coming to the Father and not being lukewarm.
We must be hot.
We must not be cold or lukewarm; he'll spew you out of his mouth.
We need to be hot for Jesus is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
It's not time to be church as usual; it's time to be church unusual.
Being the salt because we've lost our saltiness, we must be the mouthpiece in this earth telling and being that one watching on the wall crying out and telling people with all that we have, like John the Baptist did, that Jesus is here.
He's coming.
It's time to repent.
It's time to get your heart right.
And I say that over and over and over again, but I feel like after a while you feel like you're a broken record.
But it's like being serious about this year in 2026.
Wake up.
You've got three days left to get what you wanted to do in 2025 done.
Now it's two.
Today's over.
You got two days left.
What will you do with these last two days, this last 48 hours?
What will we see?
Will we see anything in New Orleans?
Will we see anything?
I pray we don't.
Like I told you, I believe our job is to stop things.
We're the salt.
Even with the prayer groups we have at church, the people we talk to, you know, there's people that take prayer real serious and there's people that just kind of go, 'I'm here for entertainment.
' I was told, 'You need to say this is for entertainment purposes only.
' You know what, folks?
I don't look at this as entertainment.
I look at this as a job.
This is a calling that we are called for such a time as this to bring forth prayer for the nations.
I'm not here to entertain you.
You can watch this and you think, 'I have nothing to do with my time; I want to go see what the bald-headed guy is saying is coming.
' I'm here to call you to an arms of prayer.
And if you want to take it seriously and pray with me, I would greatly appreciate it.
If not, I would advise you probably to click off and go watch somebody else that's going to entertain you.
I'm here to tell you what I believe the Holy Spirit has told me is coming.
Am I human?
I can miss it.
Yes, we all can.
People say, 'Well, no prophets in the Bible missed it.
' I'm not a prophet in the Bible.
I read it through and I see what they said, and my whole job and my whole heart is to line up with Jesus.
I don't want to compare myself to somebody else.
I say, 'Hey, I want to be more like him.
' And does Brandon have issues?
Yes.
Does Brandon have faults?
Can Brandon miss it?
Yes.
All I know is I'm doing the best I can with what I have.
And I appreciate every one of you, all 5,500 of you right now watching saying, 'Hey, we take you serious and we want to pray with you as you see what we saw in the news.
' Fruit is important.
So, we're going to pray again tonight and we're going to seek him and we're going to find him.
I believe that the Bible says that those that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, I'll open the door for them.
And so, I'm thankful for every single one of you.
We take communion, we pray, we worship.
And I try to make Jesus as real to you as what he is to me, showing you the way that you have the ability to find him and touch the hem of his garment just like anybody else does.
He is no respecter of persons, but he is a respecter of faith.
Do you believe?
Are you a believing believer?
Are you a doubter?
And I just want to be that person that when I get up on the other side, he says, 'Brandon, you did good.
Enter into my rest.
Well done.
Thank you for trying so hard.
' It's like Kuhlman always said, 'Lord Jesus, I really tried.
' I left it all on the court.
I may not have been the best basketball player.
I may have not have been the best football player, but I left everything I could on the field.
I didn't hold nothing back.
I gave it all I had.
I've been obedient and doing everything he's asked.
Don't ask my people for nothing.
Go on YouTube and tell them I'm coming and pray and tell them that they need to repent and get right with me because they're going to hell if they don't.
And I've done exactly that.
I told Diana as we close out this year, 'Do you want to keep going, baby?
Do you want to keep doing this?
This is a lot of pressure.
' And as I sat there and we prayed about it, she goes, 'Hun, I'm in it with whatever you want to do.
I'll back you.
We'll be a family and we'll keep going down this road if this is what God's called us to do.
' And as I sat there, the Lord said, 'Do you want to keep doing it?
' I said, 'Yeah, I'll help you.
I'm sold out, but I don't want it to affect my relationship with you.
' And not only that, I don't want to let any of these people down if I have anything inside of me that needs to be cleaned up.
There's so many people watching.
I see people all the time now.
I can't go in public without being noticed, especially in our area.
It's absolutely incredible.
And I'm so grateful for every single one of you.
There's so many of you that are so nice and you're so inquisitive.
Some of you are rude, but I'm thankful for the nice ones.
I met a nice man today.
People just want to know.
But I have a treasure in an earthen vessel that the excellence of the power is known of him and not of me.
You can do it, too.
You just got to seek him and you find him.
So, I say all that just to love on y'all today.
You know, there's a lot of things I want to change in 2026 and being more for y'all to pray and do things.
People are inviting me to come to their churches and preach and do things.
I probably will take a lot of those engagements this year.
I feel in my heart to go and teach prayer at your churches.
I don't really know what that looks like for Brandon.
I've never seen myself as a public speaker; I just talk behind a lens.
And it's easy to look at a camera now because I've gotten used to it.
But when I get in front of a crowd, it makes you real nervous, and so I'm not used to that.
So I'm thankful that Jesus would give me the strength to do that just like I talked to this camera before.
This was really awkward.
I practiced and practiced and practiced, and so now it's not too bad.
I feel like it's getting easier, and it's weird because, you know, there's 5,000 some odd people here and that's a lot looking at behind a camera.
But isn't Jesus wonderful that he would take somebody like me and do what he's done?
I'm so grateful for everyone and all the Christmas people coming out and Christmas cards—all the kindness.
You know, there's so many good people that have tried to reach out and just love on us this Christmas season, and I just want to say thank you.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart from Canada to Japan to South Korea, to so many people that have written letters just saying that you support us and pray for us.
It means so much.
Australia—I mean the islands—it's incredible.
It truly is to see so many people reach out whose lives we've touched, and you tell us your stories of how you say we've brought you back to Jesus from France to Germany.
It's absolutely incredible.
And I just go, 'Wow.
' I truly don't know what to say about some of the kindness where people say, 'You brought me back to the Lord.
' I was backslidden.
I was on my way to hell, and now you've taught me how to pray and be intimate and be real with God.
And I don't think there's any other way other than just to be real.
I don't like all the charismatic flakiness on TV and YouTube and Prophet so-and-so and this and that.
There's only certain people that I'll listen to or ever talk to on the phone because the Lord says, 'Hey, they're authentic.
You can talk to them.
' And you ask me, 'Brandon, who would you give your money to?
Who would you do this?
Who would you that?
' That's not for me to tell you.
You have to follow the voice of God for yourself.
That's very dangerous, people.
The same way I learned is the same way you learn, one day at a time.
I have my people, my select people that I will allow into my inner circle.
Billy Burke is one of them.
I love Billy Burke.
Some people don't like Billy Burke, but I love Billy Burke, and I would fight for him on the field.
I mean, he's a good man.
And I can't say that about very many people in ministry anymore.
God's about to clean house.
There's a lot of corruption in ministry.
I love our pastor, Candace.
She's our friend and she prays for us.
You know, there's not a lot, like I said, other than that select few.
I say Billie Brim—my BBs.
But I'm going to tell you all there's a cleaning of the house coming to big ministries, a lot of them.
And I'm so thankful that when you follow the voice of God, he'll lead you to purity.
If you're following the voice of God, he'll lead you into purity in ministry.
Not saying any of these people don't have issues.
We all do; we all have stuff we're working through.
We all are a work in progress.
I'm not trying to find perfection.
The only one that was perfection was the Lord Jesus Christ.
But when you have people that are of like faith, who are seeking Jesus just like you are, and you feel iron sharpens iron—you're looking for iron sharpens iron in this world.
And there are not very many real true authentic people nowadays.
And so I appreciate the people that compliment me and say, 'Hey Brandon, we think you're authentic.
' I pray I never let you down, but I am human.
So God is so good and he's been gracious to Braden Biggs.
So that's what we have to say tonight as it's been 40 minutes again.
So we'll pray.
Let me get my notetaker.
She's doing so much, y'all.
My little sweetheart is working her tail end off.
My wife is an awesome person and I'm so thankful for all her hard work, even with the rejections and the things that she goes through, y'all.
She is a trooper.
It's amazing.
I'll be right back.
All right, you can work while you're doing that.
If we hear anything, I say write it down.
Just write it down.
He has the book.
Okay, that book is gold.
Oh, Father, we thank you.
Thank you, Diana.
Father, we just take the body right now in the name of Jesus.
We lift it up before you, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that you took care of all of it for us.
Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner.
You've made us whole.
You've made us well by your stripes.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood that washes us of all our sins and cleanses us from all unrighteousness.
Thank you, Lord, for the atonement.
Thank you, Lord, for what you did for us on that cross.
That the moment we became born again, we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
You dwell on the inside of us.
And I'm so thankful, Father, for the body that was broken for us.
And Father, you took it all on the cross.
You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we are healed.
That's scripture.
And I'm so thankful, Father, that by your stripes, we're healed from sinus infections to throat infections to stomach bugs to whatever it is.
Father, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law: cancers, diabetes, heart disease.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over heart disease.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over diabetes and high blood pressure and over Alzheimer's and dementia and over PTSD and all the things that deal with the mind.
I believe I'm a believing believer that walks in victory in the name of Jesus.
And we call ourselves healed.
We call ourselves well.
We call ourselves delivered according to your word in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And I plead the blood over my eyes tonight.
Over my spiritual eyes, my physical eyes—my Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood.
When we make much of the blood, the blood makes much of us.
Father, we enter in boldly and we thank you, Father, for the blood.
And we take and apply this blood right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Father.
We're so grateful for the blood of Jesus.
Father, we may have messed up in so many ways today and we thank you, Lord, that it's under the blood.
We run to God when we sin.
We don't run from him.
When we mess up, have a bad day, we run to God, but we say, 'Father, here we are.
We're broken.
We need you.
We thank you Lord that we're joint heirs with you and you see us, and you see us underneath what your Son did.
He's making intercession for me at your right hand right now and he's saying, "Hey, forgive them, they don't know what they did.
They messed up today but my blood is sufficient for what they did.
" And as I come up before you, Father, with this blood and this covenant, I thank you, Father, for it in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
And amen.
You still believe it.
I'm a believing believer.
Thank you, Father.
We're believers and not doubters.
Father, if there's anything you want to show us tonight, Father, we come before you boldly.
We come before you, Father, with our heart so yielded before you, and we plead the blood of Jesus over the atmosphere, Father.
And we thank you, Father, that the angels of the Lord and that massive angel, the warring angel, are watching over us with their sword and shields up, protecting us, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that they bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood.
Thank you, Father.
He's been so personal today with me.
You know, when he said it today, he says, 'And I'm here.
' Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
For in your presence there's healing divine.
Do you believe that there's healing divine?
He's not a fog.
He's not a dove.
The Holy Spirit is not a feeling.
He is a person and he has form.
I'm telling you, I've seen it.
The outline: he's massive, barrel-chested, a huge-looking structure of a man.
Not skinny, not obese, strong stature.
The Lord allows me to see these things through visions.
And he has an opinion about everything.
And the closer I get with him, the tighter the rope I walk.
I'm not allowed to say certain things anymore even on the telephone.
With many words there is sin, and you don't even realize the things that he has an opinion about.
He cares about everything.
And the more you walk with him, the less of a wider space I feel; I walk on a thin line.
The only one I'm able to ever really be open with is probably Billy Burke.
It's very interesting because anytime I get on the phone, I'm thinking I'm fixing to get a spanking because I say things because I'm wanting to learn and the Lord always is right there, but then I get off with certain other people and it's always like, 'Uh-oh, I'm in trouble.
I shouldn't have said that.
' I'm very brassy.
Have you noticed?
I don't have much fear about anything.
I say what I think.
And in doing that, I get in trouble.
I don't have much of a filter.
But I'm so thankful that he corrects those he loves.
But I'm going to tell you this: the more I grow, the more I realize he's more real to me than my wife or my children.
And he has an opinion about everything.
You can feel him withdraw, and then you can feel the flow.
And I want to always stay in that river.
Concerning New York, when he said, 'You've been weighed in the balance and you've been found lacking.
You've been weighed with the balance, the scales, and you have been found lacking,' I am very concerned about that.
He doesn't talk that way.
I want to say we're in a time like we've never seen before.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord, that we're on the right side of it.
Who is on the Lord's side?
I want to be on the Lord's side.
Oh, Father.
Only believe.
All things are possible; only believe.
Lord, I believe.
All things are possible.
Only believe.
All things are possible when you only believe.
Lord, I receive.
All things are possible.
I receive all that you have for us.
I receive all that you have for me.
I receive and we take it by force.
Father, we take the land by force for the Lord Jesus Christ in these last days, being the brightest light we can be in the darkness.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one right now.
You're leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one for me.
I see the tent revivals are coming back again.
I see the well of revival is stirring up within.
I see the tent revivals.
I see Jack Coe.
I see all the tent revivals.
He said, 'I'm gonna do it again.
Warn him.
I'm gonna do it again.
One last push.
One last major move.
And I'm coming again.
' Expect the unexpected.
Expect big.
God is as big as your faith will allow him to be.
Believe me for big.
He says in 2026, 'With the time you have left, occupy until I come.
' Occupy.
What does it mean to occupy?
Look up the definition of occupy, love.
What's it mean to fully occupy?
Go ahead, Diana.
To reside or have one's place of business in a building, or to fill or preoccupy the mind or thoughts; to occupy; to take control of.
Okay, so this would be occupying the territory, to occupy until he comes, to hold a position.
What are we doing?
Well, not only that, we're taking land and territory.
We're going to occupy the land.
We're going to hold the position.
We're going to hold the territory.
We're not made to retreat.
We're not made to give up.
We're made to take dominion and authority over what he's given into our hands.
Not to slouch back and be intimidated by the world or our surroundings, but to be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
That's what he says.
Why?
Because he wants you to take dominion and authority and occupy the land.
Occupy until he comes.
Don't be in retreating status.
So many believers right now are ready to abandon ship.
'Let's get out of here.
We need the rapture.
' Occupy until he comes.
Take the land.
Believe me for bigger; believe me for more influence.
It's sad when you have been made in his image—as he is, so are we in this world—and we're created in his image.
We're created in his likeness and Jesus is on the inside of us.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost to lay hands on the sick and see them recover.
The Great Commission: how many are truly walking in the Great Commission to go into all the world, to lay hands on the sick, to cast out devils, to heal, to raise the dead, to do everything the Lord has told us to do?
And yet we're in retreat mode.
It's time for the body of Christ to be that saltiness, to be that light in the darkness, and arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon us.
We're not intimidated by how the darkness looks, but we say, 'Man, all we need is this.
' Even if you've got 'This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine,' but I'm not just that little light.
But even that little light in the darkest room, the darkness is destroyed.
You just go into the darkest of a huge auditorium—it could be a ten-thousand-seat auditorium, massive, with complete darkness.
All the lights are out, blacked out, and turn on a cigarette lighter and you start to see the darkness in that huge room start to dissipate.
You can take it like this and move it around and all the darkness goes away.
How much more are you in this dark world?
You have the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords on the inside of you.
You were called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
He didn't make any mistakes.
You may have thought—your mama might have told you you were an accident.
You were conceived out of wedlock.
Mom and dad messed up.
You think it just so happens you're just here.
No, God doesn't make mistakes.
You're not a mistake.
You were called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
A moment of sin brought in something so special.
God can turn what the devil meant for bad and turn it around for good.
Remember, God doesn't make mistakes.
He has called every single one of us and He has chosen us.
We're the closers.
I truly believe that every person who's watching this video and this live broadcast right now was made and called for such a time as this.
We were built for pressure.
We're the closers.
All 6,000 of you that are watching, you're built for pressure.
That's what a closer does.
A closer pitcher for a baseball team is built for that; they are not rattled by the pressure of the game.
I believe that it's our time to arise and shine.
And as I saw the old revivals, the old wells of revivals that were capped off during the tent revivals, the Lord said, "I'm uncapping those wells.
" And not only are you going to get a cup like Brother Hagin and Jack Coe and all of them got cups of it—and they drank it and they saw miracles and signs and wonders—but the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm going to do it again, but this time it's going to be greater than anything we've ever seen before.
" All of the revivals combined in one from Azusa Street.
We're about to see many Azusa streets all over the world, but Azusa Street will look like a walk in the park compared to what's about to happen with the body of Christ.
The Lord said to me, "Brandon, what you're about to see, don't become too familiar with it.
Don't take it for granted.
Don't become accustomed to the miracles you're about to see.
" Every miracle is holy and special to the Father.
Never become accustomed to it.
Never become familiar with the glory.
It's just the Shekinah cloud.
You know, gold dust came in.
He said, "Brandon, it's going to be authentic.
" I saw the glory cloud coming and it left a residue of gold.
People have tried to mock that and make glitter or take a vial of gold dust.
They sprinkle it on their hands and say, "Look, there's gold dust on me," from some place they bought off of eBay.
But the Lord said, "I'm going to do something that's authentic.
You're about to see me show up and show off in a way that you've never seen before.
" But no man will get the glory for what's about to take place.
He warns me about this: "I will not share my glory with anyone.
" And that's why he told me even when I start these broadcasts, "I want you to tell them that it's not you, that it's me, it's Christ in me.
" All glory goes to the Father.
He is such a good God and He's worthy of all our praise.
Thank you, Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
I see Brother Hagin.
They see it.
They anticipate it.
They're all watching.
Same with Kathryn.
When I saw her looking through the portal, they're all anticipating what's about to happen.
They all wanted to see it on the earth, but they didn't get to see it.
The Lord said, "Brandon, there's no time barrier in heaven.
" They're watching and they know what's about to happen on the earth.
And they're watching with this anticipation for what they longed to see in their time.
"I will allow them to see through the portal.
" That's what He said to me.
He's allowing Kathryn.
He's allowing Brother Hagin.
And they are waiting on the edge of the portal because they know the show is about to start.
That's what the Father just said to me.
He knows what's about to happen.
The show's about to start.
Do you understand when you're in an auditorium and the lights go down, you all know that what's behind the screen is about to start?
That's where they all are.
They're gathering to the portal because they knew that this was coming and they didn't get to live it out.
So they're getting ready for the show.
They're watching and they're looking over and they're anticipating.
My goodness, I feel the Holy Spirit so strong on that.
That's why I've seen Kim.
I've seen Lucy.
I've seen Brother Hagin.
They're so young and so vibrant.
Brother Halverson.
So many.
The Lord keeps allowing me to see over and they're all anticipating the show.
I don't know what else to call it, but that He would show Himself strong.
Find that scripture, that He would show Himself strong.
"For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth to show Himself strong on behalf of those whose heart is loyal to him.
" 2 Chronicles 16:9.
They're looking for the show.
He wants to show Himself strong.
Hallelujah.
Don't allow what you're about to see to distract you.
Don't allow the things you're about to see on the earth make you go horizontal.
Stay vertical.
Many distractions are coming.
Fearful sights are coming.
Stay vertical.
Keep your eyes on the Father.
There are great days of darkness coming, things that will shake you to awaken most of you.
But there's a remnant of you that's already awakened.
You need to be prepared for what's coming.
Keep your eyes on Jesus.
Satan knows his days are short.
Revelation 12:12.
"Woe to the inhabitants of the earth and of the sea, for the devil has come down to you having great wrath because he knows that he has a short time.
" He knows his power and his influence on the earth is ending and he's acting in intense fury.
It's escalating.
He knows his time is coming short.
That's why the Lord is trying to warn you tonight to keep your eyes on Him.
No matter how much he tries to pull you horizontal with the news, keep your eyes on Him, for he will act in intense fury because he knows his time is short.
Oh, Father, we pray.
We're in New York.
It's the theme of the night.
I want you to put New York on the background and pray over New Year's Eve over every location wherever you are represented here.
What city, town, or state?
Pray over your area, and we're going to pray with you.
I want us all to pray over our cities, states, and towns.
If you're in Australia or New Zealand—wherever you may be—I want you to pray over your city right now.
You have power and dominion over your area.
Pray over your town and say, 'We call a hedge of protection around us, around Queensland, and all the major cities represented here.
' Queensland was highlighted to me just then; I see the Opera House, I see fireworks, and I'm seeing New Year's Eve.
Pray over this area for your New Year's Eve celebrations.
London: we call forth our law enforcement to call more reserves up, Father, that they will have their eyes open and be ready for every terrorist attack—over tennis shoes, water bottles, children's toys, any kind of slashers or guns, or any kind of car plowing.
Over Las Vegas, over every plot, plan, and pursuit of the wicked: we call you naught in Jesus' name.
Over church gatherings, major church gatherings, communion services, candlelight services, and prophetic services.
No, that's why I saw it right then.
Why did they cancel that one?
Diana, they heard the Lord.
We never heard Him say cancel.
Why did they canceled that before?
And the Lord said, 'Because they heard.
' You're not running in fear; you're using wisdom.
You're being targeted.
I see the casing for the 'Red Dawn' experiences they're trying to bring forth.
Father, I ask for a weather event to come in and make it stop.
It's only got three days to flow; it's less than that now, it's two.
London, okay, over every major AMC movie theater, over Tinsel Town, over the movie theaters—it's highlighted.
Lord, remember the Batman movie in Colorado.
Today we pray over every person in a movie theater during the day.
During this time frame, we pray over the people in the movie theaters, over gatherings, and over 'Avatar.
' That's the movie—the Avatar, the blue people.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
Mel, we pray over every movie theater and all of the movie theaters.
Every single movie theater, we cover them in the blood.
We thank You, Lord, that every plot and every plan is brought to naught in Jesus' name.
The hand of the Lord is on the movie theaters and the churches.
Every major gathering of churches, we cover it in the name of Jesus.
He's talking about the Edward Snowden again.
He's calling for that new Edward Snowden, the one that's going to expose even more darkness.
There's great darkness that's about to be exposed upon the land.
Call it forth today: an exposing of darkness upon your land, for a new Edward Snowden is coming upon the land.
It's going to be an unusual year, y'all.
We call forth the finances today.
I call forth the revaluation of the dinar, the reinstatements, and the removal of all blockages and hindrances in the name of Jesus.
We pray for a reinstatement and for it to come back.
The blockages are being removed, and a financial flow will come.
Debt will be removed.
The lid is coming off the envelope.
The land, gold, and the sea.
They're going to cut it off.
Supernatural debt cancellation is going to be cut off.
He's talking about the debt being cut off.
This is to be just as much a sign and a wonder as an arm growing out to make a whole man—spirit, soul, and body.
'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
' Spirit, soul, and body.
In every area of your life, listen: be set free and cut the debt off.
You knew this day would come.
You were waiting.
You believed it, and you're not going to wait any longer.
He said, 'How did you think it was going to come?
It's above all that you dare ask or think.
' It's time to believe Me for above all you dare ask or think, for I am the great God Jehovah.
Don't deny.
Daily call Him.
There's been a preacher—one is in New Orleans.
He said he was a forerunner of what I want to do for many of you.
He said, 'Oh, that's extravagant.
' No, it's growth.
He said, 'That's growth.
Believe Me for more.
I'll show up and show off in your life if you believe Me for more—above all that you dare ask or think.
' You can think big.
Think bigger.
You think too small.
He said you've got to enlarge your capacity to believe Me for bigger—a larger capacity for I'm a big God.
You're believing too small.
Believe Me for bigger.
Where's your threshold?
Where's your chokehold?
Believe Me bigger.
I'm a lavish God.
I paved My streets with gold.
He's a stagnant God?
No, He's a lavish God.
'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
' Exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or thank Me for.
You think too small.
You think trailer.
Nothing wrong with a good trailer, but He said, 'Believe Me for bigger.
Stretch your capacity to believe Me for more.
' For I am standing at the door, and I have great things in store.
The sky is not falling.
Chicken Little folly!
He says the sky is not falling.
It's time for the church to rise up and take dominion and authority.
If you can believe it, I'll get it to you and through you.
A distribution for the end-time harvest.
The people are coming in by the field-fulls.
We're calling them out of hell.
All your unsaved loved ones.
It's the goodness of God that brings men to repentance.
We're calling them in right now.
Father, I thank You that in 2020, we will not lack any good thing in our marriages, finances, children, grandchildren, aunts, and uncles.
Don't be mealy-mouthed, running down your finances or your life.
Believe Me for big.
Speak it!
We're about to see stuff we've only dreamed of as He shows Himself.
He wants to show Himself, for He's getting ready for the show.
He wants to show us who he is.
But at the same time, he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
He wants to show himself strong.
Glory to God.
Just stretch your faith.
Stretch and believe him for more.
I hear God takes pleasure in the prosperity of his people.
God takes pleasure in the blessing—not just in finances, but in every area of life.
Prosperity is blessing in your marriage, blessing in your health.
God takes pleasure in it.
He takes pleasure in his servant's well-being.
Diana, God takes pleasure in the prosperity of his people.
Do you see it?
I want the New King James.
I think you're talking about Psalm, and it says, "Let the Lord be magnified, which hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.
" Psalm.
Let them shout for joy and be glad who favor my righteous cause.
And let them say continually, "Let the Lord be magnified who has pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.
" That's what the Lord is saying.
He takes pleasure in it.
I didn't know.
Did I say that right?
It's King James, love.
New King James.
It's one I love to read: Psalm 35:27.
He gets excited about it.
In the prosperity of his servant, let the Lord be magnified in me.
Let them shout for joy and be glad, and those who favor my righteous cause.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that it's going to be the abundance time.
Psalm 35:27.
Thank you, Lord.
He wants you to believe for big in 2027.
That's the theme tonight.
It's not what I thought.
He's stretching.
He said to a larger capacity.
I hear it so clear, Braden.
What I'm hearing is he wants us to believe him for more.
In 2026, the sky is not falling, Chicken Little.
For the righteous, for the people that are looking for Jesus, he wants to show up, and he takes pleasure in the prosperity of his people.
I'm telling you, if you believe him for 2026 for exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask, stretch your capacity for jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales, and commissions for your marriage to turn out better.
For children, it's time to conceive.
Ladies, if you're believing God for a baby, it's time.
God wants you to have a blessed home filled with beautiful children, to raise them up godly.
Why would you do that right now?
Because we occupy until he comes.
Believe God.
We have so many pictures of you ladies sending pictures of your babies that you were believing God for, and when Diana prayed for you to receive a baby, you have it.
And you said, "This is the fruit of the baby right here.
" And you weren't able to have one.
And we have all the pictures of the babies coming to us now.
Isn't that amazing, Honey?
Yes, it's amazing.
There's a lot of you that were not able to have a child, and you have had a baby supernaturally by the hand of the Lord in 2026.
You're giving us the pictures and saying, "Look at all these babies.
" Diana showed me another one today.
She goes, "Look at this baby, Brandon.
" I said, "Oh.
" She goes, "That was a result of prayer.
" And even one lady said, "I was driving on the road and someone asked, 'Who is this man you're listening to?
'" And she said, "The man we're listening to—that child in the back is a result of praying with that man.
" The husband didn't even realize it, I guess.
Isn't that amazing?
Supernatural childbirth, supernatural children in 2025.
Now, believe for it in 2026.
By the time, was it nine months from now?
August is nine months.
September is ten months, right?
So it would be August.
Monday, September 29th.
So nine months from now, September 29th, almost in October.
Wow.
Isn't that amazing to think that it would be almost fall again?
Rosh Hashanah would be coming in and all that.
To have another child, that's amazing.
But why not you?
Why not you to believe for a bundle of joy?
Occupy until he comes.
Raise up a child in the way he should go when he gets older and not depart from it.
Why not you?
Why not 2026 for you who have not been able to have a child?
God takes pleasure in the prosperity of his people and the abundance of joy.
A child is prosperity.
That's a blessing.
Blessed is the fruit of your womb and the fruit of your body.
Children are a blessing.
I am so thankful for Braden, Megan, and Paisley.
I'm so thankful for my kids.
Braden is a hard-working boy; he's a good boy.
He's a man now—I won't call him a boy, he's a man.
I won't make him blush.
Glory to God.
You know, that's a very different video tonight.
It wasn't what I expected, but it's two hours, and I always try to keep it around that.
Praying over your prosperity for your households, blessing and increase, multiplication, and favor.
Stretch out and believe God for more this year.
So, praise God.
Thank you, Father, for your protection over the land.
Thank you, Father, for your protection and your healing over the land.
Father, that there's blessing and increase.
Father, we call forth things like the Dinar and XRP and all these things to come forth in Jesus' name, that it would shoot up and would moon.
Well, they always say, "Let's go to the moon.
" Let's go to the moon, Father.
Breaking the barrier of Bitcoin and let us see things we never thought we would.
It's like, "Look at this; it's only God.
" Father, that the XRP would go to $100.
Wouldn't that be amazing?
Believe God for that.
You look at XRP and you go to 100, XLM to some of these currencies and you go, "Man, it's like 20 bucks.
" And you go, "What?
Look what the Lord did.
" Can you imagine that?
Believe God for it.
I've attached my faith out there that something major like that would happen.
Wouldn't that be cool?
You go in there and say, "Wow, look what the Lord did with XRP.
" Not financial advice, but in my opinion, that's what I'm believing for.
What is Brandon looking for?
That's what I'm believing for—that we would see some of these things go to over $100.
And you look back and go, "Huh?
" Wouldn't that be cool?
We could build a massive auditorium for that, a massive ministry.
We could do so much.
The Lord could do so much.
Not that I'm limiting him to it, but wouldn't that be cool?
I don't know.
It's cool to me in my world.
Go to the moon, baby.
You know, get viral with IRL.
What he could get for people—get Solana to go to 10,000.
Wouldn't that be cool?
So you go on there and look at one morning you wake up and Solana is $10,000 per share and you go, "Look what the Lord did.
It's Christmas.
" Wouldn't that be cool?
I dream big.
And most people say, "Brandon, you're out of it, man.
" I don't know.
I just know God is big.
And you say it's just as big a miracle as an arm growing out.
Some of you have been living at the bottom of the barrel and the barrel's on top of you, to be able to wake up one day...
and he said, remember what he said?
The Lord just remember, he said, "I told you that I'll make decamillionaires overnight.
I'll make decillionaires overnight, Brandon, in a 24-hour period.
Everything is going to change.
I can change your circumstance in a 24-hour period.
" That's what he said to me.
"I'll make you a decillionaire overnight.
" I said, "How?
How?
" I don't mean to challenge you—I know you can—but really you could do that for me?
Why not?
Why not me?
Why not you?
He's no respecter of persons, ladies and gentlemen.
And then he tells me, "You're not believing big enough.
" I'll close with this.
Anybody remember whenever I was taken out of my body and I was taken to the universe and I'm standing there with the Father?
I cannot see Jesus's face, but he is standing there talking about the distance between the sun and the earth.
He said light travels at 186,000 miles per second and takes about eight minutes to get there.
He was explaining every planet, how far it was, how close the nearest star was, and how many light-years it takes traveling at 186,000 miles per second to get to the nearest star.
He said, "You have all these things, from Saturn to Venus to all these planets and all this creation that he has made for every one of us, and we don't even live in outer space.
" But it was so big and huge.
It takes 8 minutes and 20 seconds for light to travel from the sun to the Earth.
Traveling at 186,000 miles per second, that is incredible.
He took me to a room in another dimension and said it was still being created.
I could see this white room where creation was the size of a car, moving at 186,000 miles per second—either that or it was the speed of sound, I don't know—but it was moving slowly, barely creeping as he spoke it.
It was moving in all directions, and I could see it expanding.
I saw planets, lights, and stars all being thrown into space right in front of me.
He took it and shrunk it down in front of my face and put it in his hands.
He said, "I can hold the universe in the palm of my hands, Brandon.
I can stretch it out and make it bigger, and I have control over the whole thing.
But the closest star to you—how close was it, Braden?
" He told me exactly, but I don't remember.
It was Alpha Centauri or something like that.
It takes 4.
37 light-years traveling at 186,000 miles per second to get there.
That's a long way.
He took it all in front of my face.
I saw how vast it was—billions and billions, if not trillions, of stars.
There are as many as there are grains of sand on all the beaches of the world.
It would take over four, almost five years at the speed of light to travel that distance.
He showed me how vast and big he truly is, and how he can control and manipulate it in his hand.
He said, "Brandon, I want to show you this.
" I could see it being molded and shaped, and he said, "I have power and authority over all of it.
" At the end of this visitation, he took me to the edge of where heaven and earth meet.
He said, "Braden, this is the tithe.
This is my kingdom, but I have given all of this to my kids.
I kept ten percent for myself—I am doing simple math for you so you can comprehend it—but I've given the rest to you.
At the end of the thousand years, you will rule and reign over the galaxies in the universe.
Every one of my kids who is born again will get their own galaxy like the Milky Way, and every single one of you will rule and reign with me for eternity.
Every one of you has the ability to create with your words, for you were made in my image.
As he is, so are we in this world, and we are able to create with our words.
" He said life and death are in the power of the tongue, and after the thousand years, you'll rule and reign with me forever.
He said, "Brandon, I created all those planets and stars for my kids to rule and reign over.
Tell my people, Brandon, to believe me for bigger, for I am a big God.
" I shot back into my bed and screamed.
Diana said, "What did you see this time, honey?
" I said, "I saw how big God is and how he controls everything in the palm of his hand.
" He said, "My people don't believe me for big enough," but I could see the vastness of how big he truly is.
He creates things, and so many people are scared about their bills or food.
He said, "Take no thought of what you wear; take no thought of this stuff, because I know what you need before you even know you need it.
" Some people say the earth is flat.
The earth is not flat.
I know I tick a lot of you off, but the earth is round.
I saw it; I was with him and I watched it all happen.
A lot of you have been fed poison.
You say it's in the Bible, but it's not that way.
I saw it.
The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof, and he has given it to the sons of men.
After the thousand years, you are going to have your own galaxy.
Some say, "That's Mormonism, Brandon," but I'm not lining up with the Mormon faith.
I'm telling you what the Father said.
It was amazing.
I saw purples, pinks, and all kinds of beautiful colors at the edge of heaven.
It is absolutely beautiful.
God is as big as your faith will allow him to be.
You need to learn to believe him for bigger.
In him there is no end and no beginning; he is endless.
He is his own dimension.
We are made in his image.
He is light, and that light is his skin.
As you go into it, he is beautiful beyond description.
I don't care what you believe; I feel sorry for you if you think too small and are bound by your own mind.
You have to think bigger.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
He is awesome.
Don't stay in your little religious box.
Believe God for bigger.
He has exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
Stretch your capacity to believe him for more.
Heaven is ginormous—it's bigger than Jupiter.
It is a massive place.
People say the Holy City is 1,500 miles wide, but that's just the city where his throne room is.
That's not all of heaven; it's just one area.
Heaven is massive.
God doesn't do little.
He doesn't think little, and he doesn't have little in his vocabulary.
His thinking.
He's a big God with big plans.
And it's like Oral Roberts says, 'Make no little plans here.
Believe God for bigger.
' If I can just get a brand new Honda—nothing wrong with a Honda—but God wants you to believe him for bigger.
Believe him for more and more in 2026.
Believe God because I'm telling you, he can take it and he is a creator.
His words don't return to void.
They grow into things and they grow plants in front of him.
I've seen it and I watch him and I marvel at him.
He is amazing.
I've seen him transform, and I can see fire in his eye.
It's just like I look at things and I go, 'Man.
' I told you he's looking at things and he said, 'I'm watching you.
I'm watching you.
' I tell you these things in my experiences, but I have private things all the time.
I'm telling you, he is vast.
He looks like he could melt you, but he's love.
He's powerful and I fear him.
I fear him.
I told Dee, 'He scares me.
' Nobody has a clue.
They think if you die, nobody knows the truth.
I'm telling you, God is scary.
He's powerful.
It is beyond our human comprehension.
Our little peanut brains try to figure it out.
God is vast.
I tried to be as real with these people as I can.
Heresy!
Throw an egg at him and stone him.
You'll see when you get there and you're going to go, 'Oh my gosh, Brandon, you were right.
' I don't want to be arrogant, but I say, 'Yeah, I know.
I tried to tell you.
It's all Jesus.
' I tried to warn you.
He's big and he's really cool.
Everything is amazing.
He has all this stuff for us and he loves us so much.
His kingdom is vast and his streets are gold and his houses he's made—all of it is just amazing.
There isn't anything ugly.
He's a good God and his ability is beyond anything you can comprehend.
That's why I'm trying to tell you all tonight.
The theme of this was: believe God for bigger.
He said, 'Tell my people to believe me for more.
They think too small.
' He wanted to show me how big he was, how far the stars were.
He took me and he showed me, but he said, 'Brandon, what's going to be amazing is you'll travel at the speed of thought, no longer by the speed of light.
' He said that's slow.
He just reminded me that the speed of light is slow.
I saw things moving and being created.
Stars are forming and it was all still being created right now.
It's never stopped and it's still being done right now, going in all different directions.
Can you tell me which way's north in the universe?
You can't say due north star, but I'm talking about when it's all vast.
It's still being created in all different directions.
And it's all being thrown into the lights and the stars and all of it.
It's amazing.
I watched him doing it.
I was like, 'Lord,' and he said, 'I can measure it in my hand, son.
' But he chose to love each one of us.
What is man that you are mindful of him?
Why do you look our direction?
'I love you.
I died for you.
I suffered for you gravely that none of you should perish, that all come to repentance.
' If you're here tonight and you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, you're running out of time.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
I want you tonight to really search your heart and really ask yourself, 'Do I know him?
' And more importantly, 'Does he know me?
' If I were to die tonight, would I get to spend eternity with him?
It's not your grandma's religion.
It's not your mama's.
It's you.
Do you know Jesus?
Nobody else is going to bring you to heaven.
Their prayers have brought you here to this point, but I'm telling you, it's your choice.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun tonight.
Do you know my friend Jesus?
You may come and say, 'Brandon, I don't know him.
I'm here tonight and I think you're kooky or whatever, but inside I know there's some truth to what you're saying.
' I feel that tugging.
But the Bible says, 'No man comes to the Father unless he's drawn by him.
' If there is any kind of doubt inside of your heart that if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
No man knows the day he's going to die.
And we're not promised tomorrow.
I'm going to be real with you.
You could die right now, but if you did, where would you spend eternity?
Don't gamble with your future.
Well, 'I don't believe it at all.
' That's your problem.
It doesn't change anything just because you don't believe it.
The Bible's true.
And no man comes to the Father except through Jesus Christ.
It's not Muhammad.
It's not Buddha.
Jesus is the only way to heaven.
Period.
The Bible's true and everything that the world's trying to tell you is a lie.
This is the only truth: the B-I-B-L-E.
This was written inspired by the Holy Ghost.
So I want you tonight to search your heart right now.
We're going to close this thing out.
You can go about your business.
But I want you to right now search your heart and ask, 'Does he know me?
' And if you don't, I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I need to be saved.
I want to repent.
I want to come to Jesus tonight.
' I want to make a new, clean start tonight.
Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
This might be your last chance.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer.
I know people say, 'Brandon, it's with the mouth confession is made.
' But what I'm trying to say is that confession is made out of the heart.
What you're saying out of your heart is a heart thing.
I need to memorize scripture better, but what I'm trying to tell you is that confession is made with your heart.
Say it with all your heart.
'I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
' Father, I believe.
Father Jesus, tonight I repent of my sins.
I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, from this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And I ask you to forgive me.
I ask you to wash me.
Make me clean and new.
From this day forward, Lord, I serve you all the rest I have.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm made new today.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I dedicate my life to you, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me tonight and you're giving me a fresh, clean start.
I've messed up a whole lot, and I thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me of it.
And today, I'm made new.
I'll serve you from this day forward, Lord, in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
I believe if you just said that prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ and you're born again.
'Behold, I make all things new,' he says.
As far as the east is from the west, he's taken your sins from you.
Today, I believe you just got born again.
Welcome to the family.
We love you.
We pray for you.
Now, the moment you confessed your sin is when you got rid of it.
You said, 'Well, Brandon, I was messed up.
' Yep.
So was I.
We were all sinners here.
Nobody's here to judge you.
We're just here to love on you and tell you, "Hey, He has a plan for your life.
" We're all sinners.
That's all.
But every one of us did the same thing you just did.
And I'm telling you, it was the best decision I've ever made, giving my heart to Jesus Christ.
Now, what do you do?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
Find a Bible.
Read your Bible every day.
I want you to come and pray with us over here.
Tell the pastor there at that church.
When you find a Bible-believing church—a non-denominational one is what I'd find—tell them, "I need to be water-baptized.
" Get water-baptized.
Get plugged into that church.
Find a small group, whatever they have there.
Get plugged in with believers.
Get excited about what you did here today.
The best is yet to come.
You know what?
If you fall down and the devil starts to remind you of your past, remind him of his future.
He's about ready to burn in hell forever and ever.
He's going to get cast into the lake of fire.
It's coming.
It's coming sooner than later.
I'm telling you, folks, Jesus Christ is coming.
Welcome to the family.
I don't know how many people gave their hearts to Jesus, if any, but even if there was only one, we're excited for you.
If you don't have a Bible and you would like one, email us down below and we will send you a Bible for free just to celebrate your decision tonight.
The email is down below.
Say, "Welcome to the family.
Welcome to the decision that you made.
" Do we know how many?
34 people.
Welcome all 34 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
I'm excited about every single one of you.
Diana is too; she's filling out all the things.
We've been slamming busy with so many people getting saved on all our channels.
We're excited about every single one of you.
Welcome to the family.
All 34 of you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
That's a good little altar call.
That's exciting.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
I'll never ask you for anything other than this: if you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, click the like button, and comment something nice down below, it helps with the algorithm.
I'm so thankful that they didn't pull our live stream tonight.
It started a little bit when you were talking about Edward Snowden, but it stopped.
They almost pulled a daring Edward Snowden; that was a warning, but they didn't get it.
All glory to Jesus.
Isn't that wonderful?
They didn't pull my thing.
They tried to do it last night three times.
They did not like me talking about the mafia.
I said, "Well, we touched a nerve there, but we're thankful for their platform, aren't we?
" Isn't it wonderful they allow us to do this?
It's all glory to Jesus, you know, but we're on their thing until somebody comes up with something better that people go to.
It's not about just going on a platform; we need traffic.
The unsaved are who we're after.
The Lord said, "Brendon, I'm not going after the saved; I'm going for those who are lost.
" There are so many people trying to fish in their own backyard, like in their own little aquarium here.
We have to go after the people in the byways and the highways and everywhere else.
There are people going to hell that need to know Jesus Christ is coming.
These platforms like this—what's the traffic over here?
Millions of people come on YouTube.
Thank God for YouTube.
God is using it, and X, and all these others.
I know that was a little different tonight, but that's what the Lord wanted to do.
God bless it.
We'll see you again soon, I guess tomorrow.
2.
7 billion monthly active users globally.
Think about that.
2.
7 billion monthly active users on YouTube.
3.
1 billion by year's end, attracting nearly half the world's internet users with India leading in users and Saudi Arabia having the highest percentage.
Users spend significant time on the platform viewing billions of videos, and the user base continues strong growth.
Isn't that amazing?
That's incredible to me.
3.
1 billion by year's end.
That's why we're excited about this platform because we have—what is it, 5,000?
That's not very good.
Whenever you have 3.
1 billion, 6,000—we have a lot more opportunity to grow, don't we?
So, we're believing God for a million subscribers.
We're believing for over 100,000 people praying at a time.
We have not even 10% of what I'm believing for, for us all to pray at the same time and wreak havoc on the devil.
He hates these live prayer things.
God bless it.
Thank you for joining us and we'll see you again, probably tomorrow.
I want to pray over the thing for New Year's Eve.
We're almost there, closing this year out and finishing strong.
Taking communion and praying.
Who wants to join me for New Year's Eve?
I'll just pray for a little bit.
I'm going to really pray over that day and see what we do, but maybe the day before or whatever.
Tomorrow's it.
We only have two more days.
2025 is over, baby.
We'll put that on the shelf.
God bless you all.
We love you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
We'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.